CC-33168 Angular 17 migration (#2582)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/upgrade-to-angular-17.md

| ProductOfferMerchantPortalGui               | >= 2.0.0  |
| SalesMerchantPortalGui                      | >= 2.0.0  |
| SecurityMerchantPortalGui                   | >= 2.0.0  |
| UserMerchantPortalGui                       | >= 2.0.0  |
| ZedUi                                       | >= 2.0.0  |

If not, update module versions manually or by using the following command:

```bash
composer update spryker/agent-dashboard-merchant-portal-gui spryker/agent-security-merchant-portal-gui spryker/dashboard-merchant-portal-gui spryker/gui-table spryker/merchant-profile-merchant-portal-gui spryker/product-merchant-portal-gui spryker/product-offer-merchant-portal-gui spryker/sales-merchant-portal-gui spryker/security-merchant-portal-gui spryker/user-merchant-portal-gui spryker/zed-ui
```

2. Regenerate the data transfer object:

```bash
console transfer:generate
```

## 2) Update Stylelint and css-loader

Before starting the migration, make sure that stylelint and css-loader were updated by this doc: [Stylelint migration guide](/docs/dg/dev/upgrade-to-stylelint-16-and-css-loader-6.html) is required.

## 3) Update npm dependencies

1. In `package.json`, do the following:

>    1. Update or add the following dependencies and change commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Update or add the following dependencies and change npm scripts:
```

Reviewer: Maybe it makes sense to separate it into 3 separate sections, as long as for now it looks like a complete content for package.json. so something like this looks a bit better:

```
"scripts": {
    ...
    "mp:build": "nx build",
    "mp:build:watch": "nx build --watch",
    "mp:build:production": "nx build --configuration production",
    "mp:lint": "nx lint --no-eslintrc",
    "mp:test": "nx test",
    ...
},
```

                        "vendorChunk": true,
                        "buildOptimizer": true,
                        "budgets": [
                            {
                                "type": "bundle",
                                "maximumWarning": "2mb",
                                "maximumError": "5mb"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                },
                "defaultConfiguration": "development"
            },
            "lint": {
                "executor": "@nx/eslint:lint",
                "options": {
                    "eslintConfig": ".eslintrc.mp.json",
                    "lintFilePatterns": [
                        "src/Pyz/Zed/*/Presentation/Components/**/*.ts",
                        "src/Pyz/Zed/*/Presentation/Components/**/*.html"
                    ],
                    "noEslintrc": true
                }
            },
            "test": {
                "executor": "@nx/jest:jest",
                "options": {
                    "jestConfig": "frontend/merchant-portal/jest.config.ts"
                }
            }
        }
    }
   ```

>    6. In `deploy.yml` update npm to `10` version.

Reviewer: We also have to update requirement section of setup page for MP: https://docs.spryker.com/docs/dg/dev/frontend-development/202311.0/marketplace/set-up-the-merchant-portal.html#requirements

Also probably update https://docs.spryker.com/docs/dg/dev/system-requirements/202311.0/system-requirements.html#marketplace-system-requirements

Author: Revert npm

1. In `package.json`, do the following:

>    1. Change npm scripts::

Reviewer: Not sure if `change` is the best word here. I'd use `update` or `adjust`.
